[docs]: Update FFI chapter (#158)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/advanced/ffi.md

# Foreign Function Interfaces (FFI)

> As we [mentioned before](./wasm.md), Iroha 2 relies on a dynamic library
> provided inside the smartcontract execution environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we [mentioned before](./wasm.md), to reduce the sizes of smartcontracts, we provide a dynamic library in the execution environment. We shall detail how to link against that library and use the functions at a later date, but for now, let's explore how to include functions and trait implementations into that library. 
```

> To make a function available in the dynamic library, you must first ensure
> that it follows the foreign function interface conventions. In this chapter
> we shall give you a brief, non-technical overview of the process involved
> in making your structure and associated functions available in the dynamic
> library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
